How to get APIs?

Reddit: Log in your reddit account if you have, sign up if not.
        Go to https://www.reddit.com/prefs/apps.
        Click 'create app' or 'create another app'.
        Enter your app name.
        Choose 'script' in the three available choices.
        Enter http://localhost:8080 in redirect url.
        Click 'create app'.       
        Your personal use script (client id) is the 14 characters at the right side of the blue question mark.
        Your client secret is the 27 characters at the right side of secret.
        You will also need your app name, user name and password when scrape reddit data.

Yelp: Log in your yelp account if you have, sign up if not.
      Go to https://www.yelp.com/fusion.
      Click 'Manage App'.
      You can see your client ID and API key Under 'My App', if not, click 'create App'.
      Fill in the form and clikc 'Create New App'.
      Then you can see your client id and API key.


How to get the two files states-name.csv and counties-name.csv

Visit https://www.kaggle.com/stansilas/us-state-county-name-codes
Click 'Download' and you will get a zipfile
Unzip the file and there are two csv files, 'states.csv' and 'US Countiess.csv' (Yes, double s here)
Change their names to states-name.csv and counties-name.csv


Then start to use our program!
There are five inputs in the program.
Enter a State/Federal District/Territory(state in following) first:
    Two windows will pop up in your browser,
    one window is two plots of data of cases and deaths along time due to COVID-19 in the state that you input,
    another is scores of top 10 discussions about COVID-19 in the state, you can look the title if you put your mouse on the bar.
Then, enter the number of discussion you are interested in:
    The website of the discussion will pop up,
    if you don't want to see any discussions in detail, just enter 'skip'.
Next, enter a County/Parish/Municipality(county in following) in the state you just chose:
    Two windows will pop up in your browser,
    one window is two plots of data of cases and deaths along time due to COVID-19 in the county that you input,
    another is a pie plot showing percentage of best 100(max) restaurants (sort by Bayesian rating) open now in price categories in the county.
        Note: best here is sorted by so called Bayesian rating. Bayesian rating here is from Yelp Fusion Documentation https://www.yelp.com/developers/documentation/v3/business_search,
        "the rating sort is not strictly sorted by the rating value, but by an adjusted rating value that takes into account the number of ratings, 
        similar to a Bayesian average." 
Then, enter a price in dollar signs in the price categories of the pie plot:
    A window will pop up in your browser,
    it is a plot of restaurants open now (sort by Bayesian rating) in the input price category and their real ratings in the county,
    you can look the tile if you put your mouse on the bar.
Last, enter the number of restaurant you are interested in :
    The Yelp page of the retaurant site will pop up,
    and start to order takeout! 

You can enter exit at any step when you want to quit the program, and you can enter back if you want to back to last step.



      
      

